There is a concept that you should be aware of
when dealing with GraphQL. It's the schema.
The GraphQL Schema defines the data points offered via an API.
The schema contains the data types and
relationships between them and a set of operations available.
Things like queries where retrieving data and mutations for creating,
updating, and deleting data.
This is a sample schema.
Notice, we identify the type which is location,
we enter the different attributes for the location,
ID, name, and address.
Notice, in this middle section,
we're adding the queries.
So one query find all locations.
In the last section,
we're adding the mutations.
So we create a new location or we delete
an existing location or we update a location name.